my name is him i want to find my love
and this whole story about me
his name was dennis
it was not with him that the first serious
relations
everything was in 1 1 1 1 apartment
first time repair for the first time all
probably each had its own motto once i
thought and that's all that will be in my
of life
I decided to leave and started living completely
another life 9
so I met Yaroslav he was
the musicians we had true love
we broke up I was sad for a long time and then in
my life has appeared fabiyu me with you
big you out of competition clubber
you're just an Italian victory stallion
very good but did not like when with him
I do not argue
and the driver didn't go out for the bow and not
returned Ivan was a photographer total
I learned so much new about painting
Akino and literature and much more
It seems very beautiful children will be called
say you sleep with her
I have long wanted to ask you about him
big hello me reviews
do i love you so much linus fact
me
I want to immediately say that to serious
relationship Lena loaf
so I decided to meet everyone
my ex and talk storms why
why we broke up
who is to blame
Are you fool